[MUSIC]
>> Kyle: Yes.
>> Speaker 2: I don't
feel like that this is
the correct behavior though.
Cuz when you when click on a button, you
would think it would happen right away.
And then as you're clicking
it would debounce a whole nother second.
>> Kyle: Debouncing is
different than sampling.
So we could have done an exercise for
debouncing.
>> Speaker 2: Cuz this is like, no,
I understand this follows
the pattern in the exercise.
But I'm just saying in this scenario,
you have every second,
it's dumping whatever it sees.
>> Kyle: Yes.
>> Speaker 2: Right?
>> Speaker 2: I mean kind of a clock,
right?
>> Kyle: Yes.
>> Speaker 2: But I would expect that when
you click it just operates right away.
And then it sort of-
>> Kyle: Yeah.
So what you're really asking about
has absolutely nothing to do
with the programming.
That's a user experience question.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Kyle: If you wanted the user experience
of debouncing,
you would solve this a different way.
I set it up because sampling is
easier to understand than debouncing.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, yeah, sure.
>> Kyle: So I set it up that the exercise
is for you to learn about sampling.
>> Speaker 2: I'm just
wondering how that would fit into the-
>> Kyle: Where does sampling fit in?
Is that what you're asking?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, just how you would do
it like that where you're
debouncing with the variables
rather than, or maybe it's [CROSSTALK]
>> Kyle: It's hard to answer user
experience questions in the context
of software development.
But there are use cases for sampling and
there are use cases for event debouncing.
And we would have solved this differently
if our use case was asking for
the debouncing.
>> Speaker 2: Sure.
>> Kyle: And RxJS, by the way,
does provide a debouncing [CROSSTALK]
>> Speaker 2: I just haven't quite wrapped
my head around building UIs this way.
>> Kyle: That have
sampling?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Kyle: Okay.
>> Speaker 2: With stream, so I've never
actually built a whole Reactive interface.
>> Kyle: Yeah, well basically,
just as with any software development,
you're going to have a set of user
experience requirements and
UI requirements handed to you.
And as a developer you're gonna have
to say, what they're asking for
is debouncing.
So let me go find the appropriate
way to model debouncing.
Or, over here they're asking for sampling,
let me go solve this
with a sampling thing.
So this exercise was purely about solving
sampling as the operation
that we look for.
And sampling is a valid thing
that you do in interfaces.
Debouncing is also a valid
thing that you do.
Does that makes sense?
Okay.
>> Speaker 3: Couldn't you just switch
instead of having that latest
variable set on click,
you would have it set on
it's set interval, r1ight?
So that it's the second
that is getting flagged.
And then every time you
have the click happen,
you look to see,
do we have a second flag set?
Then put it out right away.
It would just be the event
in the different order for
the flag being set.
>> Kyle: I'm not gonna argue with you.
I'm not entirely certain I agree,
but I'm not gonna argue with you.
It might mean [INAUDIBLE]
>> Speaker 3: You could
switch this logic around to.
>> Kyle: Okay, sure.
>> Speaker 3: You could get it working.
Maybe you should do that as a bonus.
Try to rework this as
debouncing instead of sampling.
>> Speaker 4: Well, I'm going to have to
cuz one of the next
interfaces I'm building-
>> Kyle: Is going to be that, yeah.
>> Speaker 4: Yeah.
>> Kyle: Okay.
All right, good questions, though.
Any other questions about exercise eight?
>> Kyle: This is nowhere near
a comprehensive, two-day, deep dive
into all of Reactive programming.
There's a whole other workshop for that.
But what I wanted to get you to
the point of is understanding where it
fits within the bigger scope
of what we do in our programs.
Observables are about adapting
your event streams and
modeling your data flow
in a declarative fashion.
That's what observables are all about.
So in the parts of your application that
need that, don't reach for a generator,
don't reach for a promise, don't reach for
a thunk, don't reach for a callback,
reach for an observable.
Right, so
these are all different tools that fit in
together to an application I said this
at the beginning of the workshop.
I've never once built an application
that used exactly the same abstraction
across everything.
There's the right tool for the right job
so this is just one more tool in your tool
belt.
>> Kyle: Did you have a question?
Okay.
>> Speaker 4: [INAUDIBLE]
>> Kyle: No problem.
Okay, great.
I want to point out one other thing.
There were a couple questions about
the difference between using this and
using RxJS.
I'm not disparaging RxJS
in any way shape or form.
I'm simply saying it's too much for
me to have ever tried to bite off.
And eventually,
I was like I need something simpler.
So that's why it ended up
landing in asynquence that way.
I needed something that
was easier to teach.
And if I had to teach you three or
four different frameworks, you'd be even
more overwhelmed than you are already are.
So, I'm trying to keep it
as simple as possible.
But that's not to say in any way,
shape, or form that RxJS is bad,
it's a great library.
In addition to that, I would say you
don't have to choose between the two,.
Because there is a to observable and a
from observable provided with my library.
So if you have RxJS observables that
you're getting from some framework.
And you want to use them in asynquence,
you can import them in and
make a reactive sequence,
or the other way around.
If you have a reactive sequence and
you want to make a real observable out of
it for some reason,
you can do that as well.
So you don't have to choose, and
the same is true of promises.
There's a to promise and a promise
method to bring promises into React.
So there's no real reason why you have
to draw some dividing line and say well,
it's either asynquence or not.
You can mix asynquence in with
any other mixed environment and
should be able to go back and
forth transparently.